README.md, before:

<img alt="MrinDoc logo" src="https://github.com/mrin9/RapiDoc/blob/master/logo.png" width="60px" />


<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/size/mrin9/rapidoc/dist/rapidoc-min.js.svg?colorB=blue&label=minified&style=flat-square">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/size/mrin9/rapidoc/dist/rapidoc-min.js.gz.svg?colorB=blue&label=zip&style=flat-square">
    <a href="https://www.webcomponents.org/element/rapidoc" alt="published on webcomponents.org">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-rapidoc-blue.svg?style=social"/>
    </a>
</p>        

# RapiDoc
Custom Eelement for Open-API spec viewing

## Features
- Supports Swagger V2.0 and OpenAPI 3.0
- Allows Personalization, Branding 
- Dark and Light Theme
- Easy to use. No build or framework needed
- Lightweight and Fast (under 125 KB gzipped)
- Works with React, Angular and Vue
- Supported on Chrome, FireFox and Safari. (Not yet tested on Edge)

## Documentation
[Check out the usage and examples](https://mrin9.github.io/RapiDoc/)


## Roadmap
- &#128077; Get the bundle size even smaller (~ 125 Kb gzipped)
- &#128077; Provide a console to try out the APIs
- &#128077; HTTP and Token based Authentication process
- Enable OAuth
- Search API Functionality
- Allow replacing logo

Commit message:

Add fetures to replace logo and add external content

README.md, after:

<img alt="MrinDoc logo" src="https://github.com/mrin9/RapiDoc/blob/master/logo.png" width="60px" />


<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square"/>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/size/mrin9/rapidoc/dist/rapidoc-min.js.svg?colorB=blue&label=minified&style=flat-square">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/size/mrin9/rapidoc/dist/rapidoc-min.js.gz.svg?colorB=blue&label=zip&style=flat-square">
    <a href="https://www.webcomponents.org/element/rapidoc" alt="published on webcomponents.org">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-rapidoc-blue.svg?style=social"/>
    </a>
</p>        

# RapiDoc
Custom Eelement for Open-API spec viewing

## Features
- Supports Swagger 2.0 and OpenAPI 3.0 
- Works with any framework or with no framework
- Allows to make API calls
- Better Usability, 
  - all Models and Examples are expanded by default, eliminates the need to click and reveal.
  - Request fields are pre-populated with sample data
  - Takes only one click to make an API call
  - Request and response can be placed side-by-side for easy comparision
- Branding and Personalization features makes it easy to follow any style guide
  - Comes with 2 Themes (Dark and Light)
  - Replace default logo with yours
  - Typography, allows changing fonts
  - Allows changing text-color, button-color, header-color and color of other UI elements
- Plenty of customization options 
  - Add external contents at the top and bottom of the document,  you may add images, link, text, forms etc
  - Allows disabling API calling feature
  - Hide the header so the user cant load any other OpenAPI Spec
  - Hide Authentication and provide your own pre-generated api-key 
  - Embed it inside another HTML document
  - Use it inside another framework (react, vue, angular, lit-element)
  - Use JavaScript to change its attributes, and it will react to those changes
  - Style the element with standard css (change padding, position, border, margin )
- Lightweight and fast (under 125 KB gzipped)
- Load local json spec from the disk
- Supported on Chrome, FireFox and Safari. (Not yet tested on Edge)


## Documentation
[Check out the usage and examples](https://mrin9.github.io/RapiDoc/)


## Roadmap
- &#128077; Get the bundle size even smaller (~ 125 Kb gzipped)
- &#128077; Provide a console to try out the APIs
- &#128077; HTTP and Token based Authentication process
- Enable OAuth
- Search API Functionality
- Allow replacing logo
